---
layout: post
title:  "Blogging in 2017"
date:   2017-08-25 15:10:40 -0700
categories: blogging
image: jake.png
---

If you've talked to me in person at any time in the past 4 months, you've probably heard about how much I absolutely hate my intern Jake Arlan. He's 3 years older than me, and somehow 5 years dumber than me at the same time. On one of our first days collaborating together, he asked me what an "S"-pan was. He was referring to the commonly used HTML tag "span". I almost had an aneurysm. I have since learned that this was a goof, and that he was playing sort of dumb, but to be honest it's not far off from genuine experiences I have had with him.

So how could I learn to love, or even cooperate, with such an imbecile? Well, it wasn't easy. The first thing I did was get him to align himself more with my interests. For me, that meant shoving Apple products down his throat for 3 hours a day. Now, he (who was once an impartial consumer in the tech industry) is a devoted fan to Apple who has acquired an iPhone, Apple Watch, iPad Pro, and Apple Pencil within the past 45 days. What a turn-around. This has made lunchtime conversations with him much more pleasant, plus I have the advantage of knowing where he is at all times with the Find my Friends app.

It was also important to establish roles and boundaries in our professional relationship. It has been much easier to tolerate Jake's presence since he started worshiping me like the boy-genius that I am. This also helps me gauge what he does and does not know, and let me tell you - he doesn't know a lot. 

So now I guess the question is whether I really love my intern, or rather do I love how good he makes me look and feel (and by 'look' I don't just mean as a software engineer - Jake is frighteningly ugly as well). It's hard to say. There are almost no naturally redeeming qualities about Jake, so I have a really hard time believing that I would actually love him in a non-work related setting. So I guess I just love him for how he makes me feel superior... Wow - look at that. My boy genius just answered a thesis-setting philosophical question in only half a paragraph. I guarantee you that Jake couldn't do that. 

